Cricbuzz LogoLive ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeamsVideosPhotosRankingsMore
MATCHESRSA vs IND - LiveAFG vs ZIM - LiveNZ vs AUS - AUS WonBAN vs SL - SL WonRSAW vs INDW - LiveALL
South Africa vs India, 6th ODI - Live Cricket Score, Commentary
Series: India tour of South Africa, 2017-18 Venue: SuperSport Park, Centurion Date & Time: Feb 16,  01:00 PM  LOCAL
Commentary Scorecard Highlights Full Commentary Live Blog Match Facts News Photos
RSA 9/0 (2.0 Ovs)  CRR: 4.5
India opt to bowl
BatsmanRB4s6sSRHashim Amla *120050.00Aiden Markram8102080.00BowlerOMRWECOShardul Thakur *10808.00Jasprit Bumrah10101.00
Key Stats
Partnership: 9(12)
Last 2 overs: 9 runs, 0 wkts
Toss: India (Fielding)
Recent: . 1 . . . . Have Your Say
2
Runs Scored: 1
0 1 0 0 0 0
Score after 2 overs
RSA 9-0
Markram 8(10)
Amla 1(2)
Bumrah
1-0-1-0
1.6
Bumrah to Markram, no run, back of a length outside off, holds its line too, but Markram is content to hoist his bat and leave. Good start from Bumrah
Reyansh says: I never get this break of 30 minutes between toss & start of the match, already cricket has been constantly accused of being a too long game & these type of things only make it look worse. ICC need to look into this to make it more relevant to this fast moving world -- If you say so
1.5
Bumrah to Markram, no run, full outside off, left alone
1.4
Bumrah to Markram, no run, pitched up outside off, left alone and then it swings into Dhoni's gloves
1.3
Bumrah to Markram, no run, fullish around off, hint of nip back in, defended
Dilly says: Drop Miller? One of the better performers he was. Is he injured? -- Not to my knowledge. And I don't think he's been dropped either. It's a dead rubber.
1.2
Bumrah to Amla, 1 run, so nearly straight to the fielder at gully. Amla punches off the back foot and doesn't keep his shot down, luckily it just goes wide of the man who didn't move a muscle. Wasn't far away from him, but the ball was travelling
A wide slip and a gully in
1.1
Bumrah to Amla, no run, pitched up outside off, Amla shoulders arms and it dies on Dhoni, who dives to collect
Jasprit Bumrah, right-arm medium, comes into the attack
1
Runs Scored: 8
0 4 4 0 0 0
Score after 1 overs
RSA 8-0
Markram 8(6)
Amla 0(0)
SN Thakur
1-0-8-0
0.6
SN Thakur to Markram, no run, went for the yorker, on off, dug out to cover
I can see the second slip not there
0.5
SN Thakur to Markram, no run, much better, attacking the stumps and keeping it fuller, on off, pushed back to the bowler
0.4
SN Thakur to Markram, no run, brilliant from Jinks. At backward point, or else this would've gone to the fence as well. Keeps low and Markram chopped the cut, but Rahane dove to his left and came up with a clean stop. Superb stuff
0.3
SN Thakur to Markram, FOUR, consecutive fours. Even though this bounced from a back of a length, Markram got on top of the bounce and cut that wide of point. Controlled the shot and didn't hit it in the air. Already SN Thakur is under pressure
0.2
SN Thakur to Markram, FOUR, Markram is away. Short and wide outside off, offers width and Markram slaps the cut wide of point. Off the mark in style
0.1
SN Thakur to Markram, no run, hits the bat hard, from a back of a length, Markram hops a little and defends to the gully region. Good start from SN Thakur
Markram and Amla are at the crease. Markram is on strike. SN Thakur will open the attack
After the anthems are done, it is time for the action. The Protea openers are out there. It will be Shardul Thakur who will have first crack with the new ball. Two slips in place. The word is that, he was bowling rapidly in the nets, so let's see how he goes here. To Markram - here we go...
The teams are out for their national anthems. India go first with their 52-second anthem, followed by South Africa's multi-lingual one...
India's unbeaten run in ODIs

Ravi Shastri, India coach: Very happy to be coaching this young Indian side. It's all about getting starts and converting them into big scores. In the Indian side, we have one person scoring a hundred and we can get to 300. We don't want to waste our starts and our boys have done exactly that. We are taking one game at a time, and we are not looking at 5-1; just looking at doing the process right and repeating the good things we have done in the last few games. If we execute that, then might well be 5-1. The boys have played some hard cricket and have learnt a lot. The team will be much better 15 months down the line. The people in the crowd have been fabulous. It is fantastic coming back to this country. The cricket has been tough. The current scoreline might be 4-1, but there have been moments when they have been competitive.
Teams:
South Africa (Playing XI): Hashim Amla, Aiden Markram(c), AB de Villiers, Khaya Zondo, Farhaan Behardien, Heinrich Klaasen(w), Chris Morris, Andile Phehlukwayo, Imran Tahir, Morne Morkel, Lungisani Ngidi
India (Playing XI): Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli(c), Ajinkya Rahane, Shreyas Iyer, Hardik Pandya, MS Dhoni(w), Shardul Thakur, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Yuzvendra Chahal
Aiden Markram, South Africa captain: We weren't too fazed about what we were going to do today. We are striving towards putting a perfect game together. Definitely looking to get a good score and Centurion is a good batting wicket, so we are happy to bat and put a good score on the board. Four changes: Morris back in the team along with Behardien, Tahir, Zondo.Load More Commentary
PLAYER SEARCH

Search Player
 GO
TRENDING VIDEOS
 We've controlled the last 15 overs of India's innings - Hashim Amla
►
We've controlled the last 15 overs of India's innings - Hashim Amla
15h ago
 India's unbeaten run in ODIs
►
India's unbeaten run in ODIs
13h ago
 Follow the women's game, let's create stars out of them as well - Harsha Bhogle
►
Follow the women's game, let's create stars out of them as well - Harsha Bhogle
1d ago
More Videos
LATEST NEWS
Will India's middle order fire today?
Live Cricket Score of South Africa vs India, 6th ODI
17m ago
D'Arcy Short top-scored in the historic chase with 76 off 44 balls.
Australia pull off highest T20 chase to seal fourth consecutive win
1h ago
Plunkett suffered the injury during the third ODI against Australia at the SCG.
Hamstring tear rules Plunkett out of New Zealand T20I, ODIs
2h ago
Nick Winter bagged 5 for 48
Sheffield Shield wrap: Winter fifer puts Tasmania in command
2h ago
Sunshine for the people... dark clouds for cricket
As South Africa rises to a new dawn, cricket remains in murky water
5h ago
More News
LATEST PHOTOS
New Zealand vs Australia, T20I tri-series, 5th match, Auckland
New Zealand vs Australia, T20I tri-series, 5th match, Auckland
Fri, Feb 16 2018
Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka, 1st T20I
Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka, 1st T20I
Thu, Feb 15 2018
South Africa vs India, 5th ODI
South Africa vs India, 5th ODI
Tue, Feb 13 2018
New Zealand vs England, Match 4, T20I tri-series, Wellington
New Zealand vs England, Match 4, T20I tri-series, Wellington
Tue, Feb 13 2018
South Africa vs India, 4th ODI
South Africa vs India, 4th ODI
Sat, Feb 10 2018
Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka, 2nd Test, Day 3
Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka, 2nd Test, Day 3
Sat, Feb 10 2018
More Photos CRIC CHATLogin+
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
Windows Mobile
Blackberry
Chrome Extension
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
google+
Pinterest
RSS Feed
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
© 2018 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
